<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" />
  <meta http-equiv="Content-Style-Type" content="text/css" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>Before We Start…</title>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="before-we-start" class="section level1">
<h1>Before We Start…</h1>
<p>As a software company, we need tools to collaborate, code, promote our product, and support our customers. This book lists every tool we use and how it helps us.</p>
<p>The list is a result of running a business for over 9 years. We started off with only a few basic tools, mainly for coding; as we grew, our needs grew with us: we needed to improve how we track our marketing campaigns, create designs and content, organize our work, and automate repetitive tasks.</p>
<p>Some tools are free, some we pay for. To save you some time, we mark if there’s a free plan and the price of a starter paid plan. The ones with a price tag are definitely worth it - they help us get the job done and make money. So when we pay $400 a month for a tool, we are getting our ROI.</p>
<p>You’ll find a lot of different platforms: from web based apps, browser extensions, and command-line programs, to desktop and mobile apps. We mostly use Macs, but most tools on the list are web based, so it shouldn’t be a problem if you’re on Windows or Linux.</p>
<p>The left page has basic information about the tool while the right one has a real-life screenshot of and a short comment on how we use it.</p>
<p>You’ll notice we use a lot of tools that have the same functionality — that’s both because each has its unique purpose and people on our team have different preferences.</p>
<p>We’re sure there are many more great tools out there. The ones on the list are what we’ve tried out so far. If you think we left something out, tell us and we’ll check them out - maybe even include them in an update.</p>
<p>We hope you find something that’ll help you with your particular challenge, or just inspire you to try out a few new apps.</p>
<div id="about-us" class="section level2">
<h2>About Us</h2>
<p>We are A51, the company behind Active Collab. We’re privately owned, 30 people strong, and have over 9 years of experience in developing project management software. As simple as that.</p>
<p>Active Collab began as a successful open-source project, which later grew to be a very successful commercial product. All we care about is developing exceptional software and making Active Collab the best project management tool in the world.</p>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>

